= Awsymandias

== Description

Awsymandias is a library that helps you set up and tear down complicated AWS environments. In addition to offering a clean, fluent domain model for working with instances and groups of instances it allows you to persist role-to-instance-id mappings to SimpleDB, allowing you to manage your stack from multiple different machines. Eventually it will allow you to add arbitrary instance metadata and help you track instance running costs over time.

  I met a hacker from an antique land
  Who said: Two tall and heavy mounts of steel
  Lie in a basement. Near them on a stand,
  Recessed, a dark CRT lies, whose peel’d
  Cracked shell of dullest beige, and blinkenlights,
  Tell that its fact’ry well those old specs read
  Which yet survive, inked on the lifeless thing,
  The die that stamp’d them and the power that fed.
  And on the burned-in screen these words appear:
  “My name is Awsymandias, king of kings:
  Look on my racks, ye Mighty, and despair!”
  No bits at all remain. Not far away
  A data center waits, its humming air
  Host to a boundless cloud by th’hour to pay.
  
(Apologies to Shelley’s original sonnet. Die-hards will please note that it scans and attempts to follow the original meter and rhyme scheme wherever possible.)

== Example

  # Give the stack a name, and describe its members.
  stack = Awsymandias::EC2::ApplicationStack.new("test") do |s|
    s.role "db",  :instance_type => "m1.large", ... 
    s.role "app", :instance_type => "c1.xlarge", ... 
  end

  # Check if we're running by pulling stack description from SDB; if not, launch asynchronously.
  stack.launch unless stack.launched? || stack.running? 
  until stack.running?
    sleep(5)
  end

  # Capistrano
  task :test do
    set :db, stack.db.public_dns
    set :app, stack.app.public_dns
  end

This should allow you to re-launch and deploy that AWS stack from any one of several different workstations.

== Contributors

* {Paul Gross}[http://www.pgrs.net] ({pgross@gmail.com}[mailto:pgross@gmail.com], {http://github.com/pgr0ss}[http://github.com/pgr0ss])
* Rob Sweet ({rob@ldg.net}[mailto:rob@ldg.net])
* Kris "Please Spam Me" Hicks (krishicks at gmail dot com)

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Brian Guthrie (btguthrie@gmail.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

